# TigerEye
Disco Themed Kaleidomneme

	In early November, 2023, 4 creatively-inclined individuals were brought together to create a “living work of art”, the pinnacle of which is undoubtedly dubbed “The Kaleidoscope.” One aspect that all these individuals shared, despite many differences, was their love for the large cityscapes/skyscrapers of New York City and Rudyard Kipling’s beloved novel The Jungle Book, with all of the passion, danger, and adventure in between. They thought, “why just build a normal kaleidoscope, when we borrow from the concrete jungles to create a kaleidoscope that truly touches the individuals who use it?” And with that, the goal of “Tiger’s Eye” was set. 
	This Kaleidoscope seeks to be more than just an art installation. It is meant to be one which invokes emotions with the patterns and colors it creates, as well as looking quite lovely in your home! Using a Raspberry Pi and simple electronics, our kaleidoscope can move in both clockwise and counterclockwise motions at varying speeds as 3 RGB LEDs change their color in beautiful patterns. Utilizing a camera on the inside, its images are able to be viewed from a regular laptop or desktop, which you can then hook up to a projector or similar device! If there is a certain image you love, why not keep it? With simple commands, you can save any image you see in the moment to your device, allowing you easy access to any image for your viewing pleasure.
	While Tiger’s Eye is a simple group that has one goal in mind, we hope our work is just as touching to everyone who uses it as it is to us! Our kaleidoscope makes a fine addition to any home or environment, and we hope that the themes we have drawn upon will reach you too!
